README.md, before:

# bevy-butler

A set of procedural macros for making Bevy plugins and systems more self-documenting.

![Crates.io License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/bevy-butler)
[![Crates.io Version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/bevy-butler)](https://crates.io/crates/bevy-butler)
[![docs.rs](https://img.shields.io/docsrs/bevy-butler)](https://docs.rs/bevy-butler/latest/bevy_butler/)
![Crates.io MSRV](https://img.shields.io/crates/msrv/bevy-butler)


## Version Compatibility
| bevy | bevy-butler |
|------|-------------|
|`0.16`|   `0.6`     |
|`0.15`|   `0.5`     |

## Example
```rust
use bevy::prelude::*;
use bevy_butler::*;

#[butler_plugin]
struct MyPlugin;

#[derive(Resource)]
#[insert_resource(plugin = MyPlugin, init = Hello("World".to_string()))]
struct Hello(String);

#[add_system(schedule = Update, plugin = MyPlugin)]
fn hello_plugin(name: Res<Hello>)
{
    info!("Hello, {}!", name.0);
}

#[add_system(schedule = Update, plugin = MyPlugin, after = hello_plugin)]
fn goodbye_plugin(name: Res<Hello>)
{
    info!("Goodbye, {}!", name.0);
}

fn main() {
    App::new()
        .add_plugins(MyPlugin)
        .run();
}
```

## WebAssembly support
WebAssembly support is currently locked behind the `wasm-experimental` flag. See the [relevant issue](https://github.com/TGRCdev/bevy-butler/issues/3#issuecomment-2601076962) for more information.

Commit message:

Deprecate bevy_butler (#35)
* Added deprecation warning

* Add a migration document

README.md, after:

> [!WARNING]
> This library has been deprecated because I haven't had the time to keep up with it.
> Another library named [bevy_auto_plugin](https://github.com/StrikeForceZero/bevy_auto_plugin) has implemented much of the same features, so I recommend you use that instead.

# bevy-butler

A set of procedural macros for making Bevy plugins and systems more self-documenting.

![Crates.io License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/bevy-butler)
[![Crates.io Version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/bevy-butler)](https://crates.io/crates/bevy-butler)
[![docs.rs](https://img.shields.io/docsrs/bevy-butler)](https://docs.rs/bevy-butler/latest/bevy_butler/)
![Crates.io MSRV](https://img.shields.io/crates/msrv/bevy-butler)


## Version Compatibility
| bevy | bevy-butler |
|------|-------------|
|`0.16`|   `0.6`     |
|`0.15`|   `0.5`     |

## Example
```rust
use bevy::prelude::*;
use bevy_butler::*;

#[butler_plugin]
struct MyPlugin;

#[derive(Resource)]
#[insert_resource(plugin = MyPlugin, init = Hello("World".to_string()))]
struct Hello(String);

#[add_system(schedule = Update, plugin = MyPlugin)]
fn hello_plugin(name: Res<Hello>)
{
    info!("Hello, {}!", name.0);
}

#[add_system(schedule = Update, plugin = MyPlugin, after = hello_plugin)]
fn goodbye_plugin(name: Res<Hello>)
{
    info!("Goodbye, {}!", name.0);
}

fn main() {
    App::new()
        .add_plugins(MyPlugin)
        .run();
}
```

## WebAssembly support
WebAssembly support is currently locked behind the `wasm-experimental` flag. See the [relevant issue](https://github.com/TGRCdev/bevy-butler/issues/3#issuecomment-2601076962) for more information.
